In this tutorial I'm going to explain how to collaboratively work out mind maps on the TeamBox using the app 'Brain Storming'
New mind maps can be created in this overview.
Here you can also select from a list of already existing mind maps and then edit the chosen one.
I have already prepared a litle mind map for this tutorial.
Otherwise, the first node - the so called root - is created automatically at startup. There you can go on creating your mind map.
You can also create a root using the menu display on the right side.
To add subnodes, you have to mark the node where you want to add the new one.
Then you can create the new node by clicking on the icon displayed right beside the node or via the menu.
By double-clicking you can rename nodes.
In addition, you can design the node's color. A chosen color is automatically applied to all its sub-nodes.
You can also delete a node the same way as adding one.
Thiy only deletes this single node.
All it's child nodes are automatically connected to the the overlying node.
There is also the possibility of using the menu to delete a node and its complete sub-tree.
You can save the mind map for all group members on the USB storage device.
Of course, you can download a mind map as image file and save it on your computer.
If you're still looking for help with other apps on the TeamBox you can find other tutorials here...
Have fun working with your group on the TeamBox!